[Doc] Document final C methods (#4960)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/extension_types.rst

    We don't have: ['camembert', 'cheddar']
    We don't have: []

C methods

> =========

Author: The section C methods was moved before subclassing because we need to use `cdef/@cfunc` constructs.

Extension types can have C methods as well as Python methods. Like C
functions, C methods are declared using

* :keyword:`cdef` instead of :keyword:`def` or ``@cfunc`` decorator for *C methods*, or
* :keyword:`cpdef` instead of :keyword:`def` or ``@ccall`` decorator for *hybrid methods*.

> C methods are "virtual", and may be overridden in derived
> extension types. In addition, :keyword:`cpdef`/``@ccall`` methods can even be overridden by Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C methods are "virtual", and may be overridden in derived extension types.
In addition, :keyword:`cpdef`/``@ccall`` methods can even be overridden by Python
```

methods when called as C method. This adds a little to their calling overhead
compared to a :keyword:`cdef`/``@cfunc`` method:

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Pure Python

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/extension_types/pets.py

    .. group-tab:: Cython

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/extension_types/pets.pyx

.. code-block:: text

    # Output
    p1:
    This parrot is resting.
    p2:
    This parrot is resting.
    Lovely plumage!

The above example also illustrates that a C method can call an inherited C
method using the usual Python technique, i.e.::

    Parrot.describe(self)

> :keyword:`cdef`/``@ccall`` methods can be declared static by using the ``@staticmethod`` decorator.
> This can be especially useful for constructing classes that take non-Python
> compatible types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:keyword:`cdef`/``@ccall`` methods can be declared static by using the ``@staticmethod`` decorator.
This can be especially useful for constructing classes that take non-Python compatible types:
```

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Pure Python

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/extension_types/owned_pointer.py

    .. group-tab:: Cython

        .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/userguide/extension_types/owned_pointer.pyx

.. note::

>     Cython currently does not support decorating :keyword:`cdef`/``@ccall`` methods with ``@classmethod`` decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Cython currently does not support decorating :keyword:`cdef`/``@ccall`` methods with
    the ``@classmethod`` decorator.
```

            class Parrot:
               def done(self): pass

            @cython.cclass

>             class Lizzard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            class Lizard:
```

Spelling

               @cython.final
               @cython.cfunc

>                def done(self): pass

Reviewer 2: I'd probably give the function a different name. Giving it the same name as for `Parrot` kind of makes me think this is trying to demonstrate something to do with inheritance.

Author: done

            @cython.final
            cdef class Parrot:
               def describe(self): pass

            @cython.cclass
            cdef class Lizard:

               @cython.final
               cdef done(self): pass

Trying to create a Python subclass from a final type or overriding a final method will raise
a :class:`TypeError` at runtime.  Cython will also prevent subtyping a
final type or overriding a final method inside of the same module, i.e. creating
an extension type that uses a final type as its base type will fail at compile time.
Note, however, that this restriction does not currently propagate to

> other extension modules, so even final extension types can still be
> subtyped at the C level by foreign code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
other extension modules, so Cython is unable to prevent final extension types
from being subtyped at the C level by foreign code.
```

The existing wording implied that "inheriting from final types from foreign code is a supported feature". I've suggested a wording that's more like "we can't stop you, unfortunately"
